[Add-ins][All hosts] Changed developing office add-ins to right title (#2266)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/develop-add-ins-vscode.md

---
title: Develop Office Add-ins with Visual Studio Code

> description: 'How to develop Office Add-ins with Visual Studio Code'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'How to develop Office Add-ins with Visual Studio Code.'
```
